Intro Good evening. Leading the news this Thursday, three private contributors of contra money told their stories to the Iran contra hearing. A Navy Board of Inquiry began its investigation of the U. S. S. Stark tragedy and President Reagan 

ROBERT MacNEIL: Good evening. In the news tonight, in the TWA bombing, a known Arab woman terrorist who had occupied the seat where the explosion occurred is being sought. Israel says the bombing was the work of Palestinian groups Abu Moussa and Abu Nidal. NASA astronauts testified they did not know the seriousness of problems with space shuttle booster rockets before the Challenger disaster. Details of these stories in our news summary coming up. Judy Woodruff is in Washington tonight. Judy?

JUDY WOODRUFF: After the news summary, the TWA bombing is once again our major focus tonight. First, Israeli Prime Minister Peres says who he thinks is to blame. Then we hear from a reporter who just returned from Europe and the Mideast finding out how the terrorists operate, and from an airline safety expert. We next move on to a sampling of what some astronauts had to say at today's shuttle disaster hearing. Finally, a documentary report on what's being done to protect airliners from a killer called wind shear.News Summary

MacNEIL: The leading suspect in yesterday's TWA bombing is a known Arab woman terrorist who had occupied the seat where the explosion occurred only hours earlier. Italian officials investigating the bombing said the woman got on the 727 in Cairo, occupied the seat where the explosion later occurred, and got off in Athens. Two hours later she took a flight to Beirut. Cairo sources identified her as May Elias Mansur and said she carried a Lebanese passport. Italian authorities believe she may be the same person wanted for trying to plant a bomb hidden in a package of cigarettes in a suitcase on a Pan Am flight to New York in 1983. Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres said today that the group which claimed responsibility for the bombing yesterday, the Arab 
